h3. Nightly

-


h3. 4.4.1

* Fix declensions for russian localization

h3. 4.4.0

* Add possibility to use fixed height scroll when using custom scrollbar
* Update russian translations for clear date labels

h3. 4.3.0

* Add the option of allowing clearing of dates on both range and single date calendars

h3. 4.2.2

* Add DateTime.today() to show current date with midnight time
* Improve code quality

h3. 4.2.1

* Update latvian translations
* Fix off by one bug when calculating last date to be shown

h3. 4.2.0

* Fix issue #57 by replacing setInterval with setTimeout for scroll throttling
* Add language support for Latvian

h3. 4.1.1

* Fix dependency issues

h3. 4.1.0 

* Extract single date behavior to separate module
* Extract translations to separate modules

h3. 4.0.0

* Improve DateTime constructor
* Support non-AMD usage only by using bundles
* Stop providing non-minified version of js and css bundle
* Include almond.js in bundle 

h3. 3.0.4

* Set hour, minutes and seconds to 0 when not specified for DateTime constructor

h3. 3.0.3

* Update manifest file for jquery plugins site indexing

h3. 3.0.2

* Modify tinyscrollbar plugin: Stop options leaking as global variable, trigger scroll event also from wheel event 

h3. 3.0.1

* Fix syntax error in tinyscrollbar style file
* Update dateTimeFormat for Estonian langueage, it shoud use kl instead of klo

h3. 3.0.0

* Remove duplicate or unused methods from DateTime:
** getDaysInMonth (duplicate)
** getWeekOfYear (duplicate)
** getDayOfYear (use getDayInYear)
** isLeapYear
** getSuffix
** stripped
** getTimezone
* Add new methods to DateTime:
** fromDate(year, month, day)
** fromMillis(ms)
** fromDateObject(date)
** withResetMS
** toISOString
** minusDays
* Add more validation logic to following DateTime methods:
** fromIsoDate
** fromIsoDateTime
** getDaysInMonth
** isBetweenDates
* Provide milliseconds for DateTime constructor and make it stricter
* Fix spelling of DateTime.WEDNESDAY constant
* Make dateTime.toString() return local instead of UTC times

h3. 2.4.3

* Update shortWeekday locales for estonian, english and australian and make calendar to use that instead of subtracting 2 letters from long weekday name
* Force vertical alignment of text in continuous calendar 
* Bugfix: Scroll viewport to selected date 

h3. 2.4.2

* Move calendar rendering to separate module
* Move range behavior to separate module
* Remove DateLocale.DEFAULT
* Update custom scroll styles for all themes

h3. 2.4.1

* Add constants for all weekdays in DateTime
* Add support for jquery 1.9.0+

h3. 2.4.0

* Add support for themes with elem.continuousCalendar({theme: 'transparent|rounded'})
* Fix order of dependencies in build script

h3. 2.3.0

* Move hoursAndMinutes() from DateLocale to DateFormat
* Move weekday constants from DateLocale to DateTime
* Move getFirstDateOfWeek() from DateLocale to DateTime

h3. 2.2.5

* Take disabled dates into account also when selecting ranges
* Fix bug related to fromIsoDate and fromIsoDateTime in DateTime.js

h3. 2.2.4

* Add DateTime.fromIsoDate and DateTime.fromIsoDateTime
* Add support for swedish

h3. 2.2.3

* Fix issues when using custom scroll bar with popup version

h3. 2.2.2

* Overload constructor with y,m,d,h,m arguments
* Bug fix: fix DateTime.withTime by resetting allways seconds
* Bug fix: Update year title when using custom scroll

h3. 2.2.1

* Allow overriding bg image path for custom scrollbar

h3. 2.2.0

* Add support for Russian and Estonian translations
* Allow setting locale as case insensitive string

h3. 2.1.0

* Provide script for compiling scss styles
* Include compiling of scss files to build script 
* Add support for custom scrollbar (jquery.tinyscrollbar)

h3. 2.0.1

* Introduce dayNames and shortDayNames in DateLocale
* Define AMD paths as relative and let require.js determine module name from name of the file

h3. 2.0.0

* Use SASS for styles
* Move all formatting related code from DateTime to DateFormat
* Remove close icon from popup calendar
* Update example and playground

h3. 1.3.0

* Add optional "AMD":http://requirejs.org/docs/whyamd.html support
* Backwards incompatible change: rename global @Locale@ object to @DateLocale@

h3. Older releases (1.2.x series and below)

* (Changes not listed)
