Continuous calendar is a JQuery plugin for single date and range selections with following features:

* Date dragging
* No pagination, continuous month flow
* Range shifting by dragging
* Range expand with Shift + Mouse click
* Display current date
* Allow disabling of dates
* Month select
* Week select
* Popup support
* Support for different date formats

h1. Live demo

"Examples":http://reaktor.github.com/jquery-continuous-calendar/src/example.html
"Playground":http://reaktor.github.com/jquery-continuous-calendar/src/playground.html

h1. QUnit tests

"tests":http://reaktor.github.com/jquery-continuous-calendar/src/test/jquery.continuous-calendar-test.html

h1. Download zip

"Latest revision":http://github.com/reaktor/jquery-continuous-calendar/zipball/master

h1. Getting started

h2. Insert in head

<pre>
<!-- basic default calendar styles -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://reaktor.github.com/jquery-continuous-calendar/src/main/jquery.continuous-calendar.css" type="text/css" media="screen" />

<!-- custom user specified calendar styles -->
<style type="text/css">
    .calendarScrollContent {height: 250px;}
    input {border: none;background: none;}
    #dateRange1 {position: relative;clear: both;}
</style>

<!-- required JavaScript files -->
<script type="text/javascript" 
src="http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.3.2/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" 
src="http://reaktor.github.com/jquery-continuous-calendar/src/main/date-functions.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" 
src="http://reaktor.github.com/jquery-continuous-calendar/src/main/jquery.continuous-calendar.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>
</pre>

h2. Insert in body

<pre>
<!-- range selection is attached to fields with class startDate and endDate -->
<div id="dateRange1">
  <input type="hidden" class="startDate" name="range_start">
  <input type="hidden" class="endDate" name="range_end">
</div>
<script type="text/javascript" language="JavaScript">
  $("#dateRange1").continuousCalendar({weeksBefore: 60,weeksAfter: 1});
</script>
</pre>


h1. License

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
  use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
  the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
  WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
  License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
  the License.

